Integrating with GraphQL API Explorer (#22282)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/analytics/graphql-api/features/discovery/introspection.mdx

needed directives.

```graphql graphql-api-explorer title="A typical introspection query"
{
	__schema {
		queryType {
			name
		}
		mutationType {
			name
		}
		subscriptionType {
			name
		}
		types {
			...FullType
		}
		directives {
			name
			description
			locations
			args {
				...InputValue
			}
		}
	}
}
fragment TypeRef on __Type {
	kind
	name
	ofType {
		kind
		name
		ofType {
			kind
			name
			ofType {
				kind
				name
				ofType {
					kind
					name
					ofType {
						kind
						name
						ofType {
							kind
							name
							ofType {
								kind
								name
							}
						}
					}
				}
			}
		}
	}
}
fragment InputValue on __InputValue {
	name
	description
	type {
		...TypeRef
	}
	defaultValue
}
fragment FullType on __Type {
	kind
	name
	description
	fields(includeDeprecated: true) {
		name
		description
		args {
			...InputValue
		}
		type {
			...TypeRef
		}
		isDeprecated
		deprecationReason
	}
	inputFields {
		...InputValue
	}
	interfaces {
		...TypeRef
	}
	enumValues(includeDeprecated: true) {
		name
		description
		isDeprecated
		deprecationReason
	}
	possibleTypes {
		...TypeRef
	}
}
```

> For more details on how to send a GraphQL request with curl, please refer to
> [this guide][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to send a GraphQL request with curl, please refer to [Execute a GraphQL query with curl][4].
```
Making it more descriptive
